all right folks welcome back so lord
willing after the holiday weekend i'll
be back next tuesday
so here we have the e-mini s p daily
chart
and you can see we have a nice delivery
to the upside
and this will draw what's inside this
area in here
up into the bearish order block
now notice that we traded up
into this up close candle
with today's range
didn't quite take out this high i think
that's the next area to look for
but in here
when we're looking at a candle that
we're using for like an older block
the low the open
in the middle of the range
those are the three sensitive areas
that you're watching for
if the market trades up into
the middle point of that
candle this is what i call the mean
threshold
mean threshold was taken today
and that to me
bodes well for a continuation to take
out this short-term high
so if you take your fib and you run it
across this candle
to 50 level
all right here's the 50 minute time
frame here's yesterday's trading
turned up into that small little area
down here into that low
i mentioned that was going to be a
likely candidate for
upside
relative equal highs as well
we traded back down into a fair value
gap
optimal trade entry rallies up takes out
buy sell equity above the short term
high back here which i don't
unfortunately have in my chart but you
can see that on your own 15 minute
timeframe
and then we consolidated ahead of today
and then
during the crossover into new york
midnight
a small little judah swing where it
drops down increase the low of the day
rallies
leaves relative equal highs in here and
this high intact
it drops down
rallies once more
small little retracement and then it
does a shallow
run above 4 000 on this pass through
here
in this small little area on a lower
time frame i used this little
retracement
to highlight a run to 4 000 because i
gave you guys 4 000 was my objective
it hit it and then we press deeper into
the order block on the daily chart which
creates this whole run here now i'm
going to go into the details about that
here
but for now just know that we were
trading up to this level failed to go to
that same level consolidated right below
that
daily bearish order block
that's the low of the candle
that creates that daily bearish order
block and then the opening
when that counts a little bit higher i
think it's four thousand two but don't
pull me to it look at your own chart
so we have a small little pass above
four thousand retraces back down in
we'll look at the lower time frames in
all of this
price action now
into the five minute candle
this run here to here
this price leg is part of this price
like
okay
notice how this candle is high
to this candle's low that range
okay that range right there has one
single pass
whereas this one has one
two
notice that
low high small door retracement and then
a second level running
because i had two stages to this
delivery
i want to use this most recent one
and this is my dealing range
the short-term low the short-term high
i ran a fib on that and i showed this in
the short little vignette i posted on my
twitter
by the way the twitter handle is i am
the
ict okay
so it's at symbol
capital i
underscore
a m
t-h-e underscore i-c-t
okay it's a lot of people over there
pretending to be me and maybe they're
just
you know
i don't know if it's fanfare or what it
is but uh some of them have been asking
for money i'm not asking you for money
and i'm never gonna ask you to dm me i'm
never gonna dm you okay so if it ain't
being posted publicly on twitter
it isn't me
all right so
this dealing range here
i measured
the low to the high
50 is equilibrium i want to see it drop
down into discount
this small little area down here value
gap we want to look at that on the lower
time frame
so from this run here to here i know
some of you are going to ask some of
them
we're bringing it up today on twitter
what about the times you said for the
model
um
teaching you something that is
outside the model as the reasons why
you're not going to anticipate or see
that typical setup that's the whole
point of why i did it today plus i have
a lot of personal things that take care
of and administrative work
in my private group so
with that said
the market rallies
in here
drops down in
the fair value gap there
once more above the 4000 level and then
going into here's 8 30 by the way this
is 8 30 candle
and you can watch when it trades right
into that very value got
it rallies again
it drops back down in
and then at 9 30 this candle here
explodes to the upside
takes off and starts digging deeper into
that
alright so it
traded up into
almost the
4074 level looks like almost so
we'll be looking for a continuation of
the upside 4095.
4100 is next consideration
i want to take you into the price action
down in here and give you more details
as to why i was willing to take
something a little bit earlier today
okay if you plot the
nasdaq
june contract for 2022 and on the
compare chart on trading view if you go
up into your trading
view platform you'll see like a little
plus symbol up here if you click on that
it'll give you an opportunity to add
another instrument
and you add this symbol here nqm2022
and then it'll plot a line chart but
it's usually going to be applied on the
close it's like a default
you want to change that in the settings
by just right clicking over here or
highlight over top of it it'll give you
like a little gear or something
click on that and change the settings to
and just change it to plotting on the
low
because you're comparing lows
as you can see the nasdaq went lower
here
whereas the
s p
failed to go lower that's an smt
divergence okay
smt smart money technique it's
accumulating
in here whereas the
nasdaq is taking liquidity out so
there's a cracking correlation between
the two usually they move in tandem
but at certain times
what times
8 30
9 30 at news events being released okay
they'll create this divergence and if
you have a bias
it's helpful but if you don't know where
it's going you're going to many times
encounter what would look like smt
divergence and then it disappears as
they start moving in concert with one
another so you have to be careful with
that that's why i'm teaching that's why
i always teach
know what it's reaching for okay the
bias has been bullish and for my
framework for my setup because i gave
you 4 000 and i had very little time to
work with anything this morning
i just hurried up and saw the chart i
missed the actual ideal entry i just
used a close proximity entry with an
owner block
and there you go so if you look at the
relationship of that fair value gap
dropping back down in higher low than
that of e30
versus the lower low made in nasdaq
this is a stop out this is accumulation
of longs this is going to be the
telltale sign that it's going to go
higher
if you look at what we did on 830 it
already snapped down into this gap
and it's not likely to go lower than
that there's no need to
okay
so
it's being compressed
basically like a spring or a
like a
more like a bomb really i hate to say it
you know
so
crude but that's what it is it's like
waiting
and then all of a sudden it explodes
it's waiting just below that daily
bear shoulder block and it's digging up
into that thing
at range on that up close candle on the
daily chart so it's climbing up up up up
and we watch to see if it gets to the
main threshold which is half of that
fair shoulder block or up close can on
the daily chart i was making rappers to
be in the video
all right so
again we can see
zoomed in
price breaks back down into
the fair vega after trading through the
order block here this is a 15 minute
time frame motor block by the way
and then it rallies
inside this little area in here
there's one small little pull back into
a fear making a one minute chart i'll
leave that for you to go into and study
and here is the hourly chart i want to
kind of give you like a market structure
perspective
here's where it's likely to be drawn to
next
all of this movement down here we
completely rebalanced all that here is
the fair value gap i had drawn on the
lower time frame chart just a moment ago
before we move back up to an hour chart
we have consolidated here ahead of
running all the way up into this area
here
so notice what was happening we had to
low
retrace down into this low to high
discount
very value gap
rallies
dealing range low dealing range high
retraces down into
discount
rallies
dealing range low dealing range high
discount fair value gap order block
rally
consolidate
we rally come back down into the smaller
time frame
if you're vega
snt diversions
and rallies
and keeps pressing higher heart higher
so my question to you is how many of you
first didn't listen to me when i said
don't trade
two
did you try to sell short
why
the bias has been bullish
it's likely to do what
keep digging higher
we try not to pick tops and look what
this has done we've had a low a lower
low a sudden dramatic
low that we came back up had a shift in
market structure here then we retreated
back down to
this imbalance
so we're seeing the market do what keep
going higher keep going higher picking
up discount levels each time the
algorithm is picking up more
accumulated longs
to press deeper into all of this range
and likely trade into the buy side
liquidity here
so you have to know what you're looking
for narrative
and bias
also what in this area or over here
would constitute a short
because we have all this range in here
that it's not likely to go up to go
straight all the way through all this
stuff that's a
high resistance liquidity run not that
it can't happen but it's likely to not
form
or pan out because we had so many
supporting
ideas in here down closed candles are
supporting price
it's just finding
underlying order flow that is bullish
so it's likely to
go up
just to keep going higher not go up to
go down
because to go up to go down we have all
of these ranges that we would have to
pierce and break
and that requires a lot of
well
intent
not selling pressure okay and the intent
is to send this thing higher on the
daily chart which is why i took your
attention to that initial gap on the
daily chart so if you found this one
insightful
and hopefully you learned why today the
range expansion took place
why was it not as short we've been
bullish we've been looking for prices to
go higher and just for clarity let me go
back up
4000 was my objective only because
i mentioned 4000 during the commentaries
this week so when i was talking to you
in lectures i called this level so i
wanted to give you a
point of entry
and then target hitting it
and that was the whole point of me
showing you a little vignette on
twitter today
showing you that i love what i was
looking for how to frame a trade how to
set it up and
you engage it
because it was setting up this trade
here okay just for your notes
because it gave nice run here earlier
before seven o'clock in the morning
that means we're probably going to have
a deep retracement
and
look for an ideal scenario like we
outlined with the smt divergence so
smt
usually will occur
around a 9 30 time period
when
there has already been a nice early run
before seven o'clock or at seven o'clock
so we got real close to seven o'clock
here but i'm not
and i'm not limited
to this model i know some of you were
questioning you know with kind of like
pointed remarks on uh twitter you know
what are we doing here why are we not
using the time frame that's used for the
model
i'm showing you again
just proof that these things deliver
as i teach them now i have not only
taught what i've revealed on youtube i
have lots of students i have students in
my paid group
i have
casual people that come through and you
know watch one video or two videos
and i want them to see things
that's being taught from
my library of concepts
so
if i can see this setup early in the day
before the seven o'clock in the morning
to me it gives me
insight it gives me
an expectation around what
the 9 30 opening is going to be like
so if i get an early run like this
my first thought is i need to go to smt
later on at 9 30 because it's probably
going to require
some kind of a cracking correlation to
set up the next lake if it's going to
have one okay
it's thursday tomorrow's friday we're
going to go into a holiday weekend i
will not be
trading tomorrow i will not be trading
on monday
i'm going to be doing one video for my
private group tomorrow and it's probably
going to be an early video
not so much a commentary for price
action because
you know it's a weekend and
memorial day is on
monday so the volume is probably going
to be light on friday so
if you're going to be trading
you study in
the morning session lead the afternoon
to in the gamblers
volume
just probably won't be on your side in
the afternoon everybody's going to be
going away for a long weekend and don't
trade on monday take the day off enjoy
it have hot dogs hamburgers relax do
what you got to do to be a family person
i'm going to be doing the theme and
until i talk to you lord willing next
tuesday enjoy your weekend and your
holiday be safe